yogev what are youtubers me Papaji phone
what sir but unboxing dummy to e30 is
you can see breath in front of you I did
pick it up for the ps3 now this game
doesn't come out till tomorrow so no
further sound boxing this bad boys
continue front W III teens you can see
really like the artwork in the front
ready to preteen the official sticker
for wrestling so there you go as you can
see that it's the front it also includes
my icing which is nice as you can see
right there there you go so on ps3 so
that is the front of the box and already
in the side it does say w13 the same
thing ps3 THQ and looking at the back we
do have some screenshots on the game
Stone Cold Steve Austin tan this is
gonna look awesome
so there you got some screenshots brock
lesner nice alright so moving more to
the bottom we drag players 1 through 6
network players to the 64.5 giga bytes
required recipes at and that's a la HTV
output for DPS and 20p doeshot 3
compatible browser inquire head to
compatible all those good things of
additional best surround sound so there
you go that is the back of the box back
to the frown some for it do it storm
boxing this bad one so let's take the
table
classic on all right so let's put that
to the side and it's open this bad way
for the first time alright so here's a
disc and that is the manual right there
so let's take out the disc it's just to
see a better there you go dota a 13 ray
tube routine ps3 in the bottom alright
so there you have it that is the disc
right there so let's put that to the
side
let's put it back into the case I saw
over here in the side we do have the
manual and a back of the manual we do
have the online pass which I'm not going
to show you guys but there's the code
I'm gonna show you guys that but here
manual so let's open this so the first
thing that we see we do have getting
started and we also have the controls
the game screen and that's about it so
there you go that is the manual w/e 13
and over here this is your code in the
back to unlock Mike Tyson which is over
in the bottom so there you go online my
tyson playable superstar alright so
there's a correct in the back so there
you have it just a quick unboxing odo 13
for the ps3 please make sure to LIKE
this video for this video as well let me
in the comment section down below your
picking up w/e 13 tomorrow or Assassin's
Creed 3 let me know you know I'll see
you on my next video thanks for watching
peace zowie 13